Draft Pull Request (#1)
The-Marcy-Lab-School-Assignments/swe-sr-5-1-csdinozo: README.md

* An explanation of how the code example demonstrates encapsulation

### Response 1
_OOP_ is an acronym for **Object-Oriented Programming**. _OOP_ is a programming paradigm that uses objects to store and manage data. However, programming is much deeper than that.

> The first concept we must discuss is the four pillars that define OOP: _encapsulation_, _abstraction_, _inheritance_, and _polymorphism_.

Reviewer: **[Praise]** I love this intro!

Today, we'll focus on **encapsulation**. Encapsulation refers to creating methods that operate on data while simultaneously restricting direct access to that data from outside the method.
For instance, when Amazon develops Ring doorbells, they allow you to access your doorbell camera�but not everyone can, as that would cause many problems.

> The way encapsulation is achieved is creating closure.
> An example of closure
> ```

Reviewer: Use the `js` header to label your code block

```suggestion
The way encapsulation is achieved is by creating closure.
An example of closure
```js
```

const amazon =()=>{
    let allRingDoorbells = [];
    const doorbells = {
        addDoorbell(address) {
            allRingDoorbells.push(address)
        }
    }
    return doorbells
}
const avionteHouse = amazon()

> avionteHouse.addDoorbell(123 street)

Reviewer: **[Code Correctness]** Make sure to include quotes! I recommend that you run your code examples before putting them in writing!

```

> In the example above closure is used to _hide access_ to allRingDoorbells array. Even thought the array exist it can be access inside the scope of the function unlike the methods because is create inside of a object. The contents of a object can access with dot notation. So if the function is invoked you can access its objects with dot notation.

Reviewer: **[Clarity]**

I _think_ I can see what you're getting at but it is still pretty unclear to me what you're trying to say. Here are the key points that you need to get across. Please re-write this paragraph to ensure that these key points are explained clearly!
* Closure is used to hide access to the `allRingDoorbells` array (you've explained this well already)
* The array exists in the `amazon()` function and can't be accessed outside of the function
* Even though the array exists, it can't be accessed outside the scope of the function. 
* The method `addDoorbell` can access it though, because it is created inside of the same scope.

Explain how the code is not consistent or predictable, then provide an example in code that uses closure to make it more consistent and predictable.

### Response 2

> The code snippet above demonstrates unpredictable and inconsistent behavior. This friends manager object allows you to add a friend both with and without the designated method. Additionally, it grants direct access to the friends array, which means anything�not just friends�can be added.

Reviewer: **[Praise]** Excellent writing here!

A better way to implement your friends manager is by using closures.
```
const createFriendsManager=()=>{
    const friends = [];
    friendsManager={
        addFriend(newFriend) {
            if (typeof newFriend !== "string") return;
            this.friends.push(newFriend);
        },

>     }

Reviewer: **[Code Correctness]** Don't forget to return the friendsManager object!

Also, please fix the spacing. There should be a space on either side of every single operator (`=` and `=>`)

How would you explain to a budding developer what the drawbacks of using factory functions are and why it is better to use classes instead?

### Response 3

> Although factory functions are beneficial in how they can be used repeatedly to create similar objects, it is better to use classes instead because each part of the object reserves its own space in memory. This is unlike how, in classes, each variable and method created has its own memory value, shared by all instances of the class. Classes are also advantageous in cases where inheritance will be necessary. Superclasses make available their properties and methods to their children. For factory functions, an entirely separate factory function would be necessary to create an object of the similar yet modified properties and methods, again using more space than would be necessary.While it could be more convenient to use factory functions given their simplicity in how the `new` and `this` keywords are not needed for implementation, in scalable projects for which many instances of a type of object may eventually be necessary, it is better to use classes to prevent memory storage being used unnecessarily.

Reviewer: **[Readability]** Overall, this is an excellent response! Here, I've added a few suggestions to improve the readability of your writing.
1. It could be read that objects made by classes reserve its own space in memory when you mean objects created by factory functions. Just state that more explicitly.
2. Once you transition to speaking about inheritance, start a new paragraph to avoid a huge block of text
3. Slight rewrite of a sentence for improved readability
4. Again, separate the last sentence that you use to summarize your points. 
5. Consider breaking up this sentence into shorter sentences for improved readability

```suggestion
Although factory functions are beneficial in how they can be used repeatedly to create similar objects, it is better to use classes instead because each part of an object returned by a factory function reserves its own space in memory. In classes, each variable and method created has its own memory value, shared by all instances of the class. 

Classes are also advantageous in cases where inheritance will be necessary. Superclasses make their properties and methods available to their children. For factory functions, an entirely separate factory function would be necessary to create an object of the similar yet modified properties and methods, again using more space than would be necessary. 

It could be seen as more convenient to use factory functions given that the `new` and `this` keywords are not needed for implementation. However, in scalable projects for which many instances of a type of object may eventually be necessary, it is better to use classes to prevent memory storage from being used unnecessarily.
```

### Response 4

> ECMAScript 2015 (ES6, ES2015) introduced a new syntax for creating classes and their instances to Javascript. Classes were used as a substitute prototype-based inheritance, providing a more familiar syntax for object-oriented programming. Classes are a structured way to create objects and manage inheritance, allowing clean and concise implementation of objects. Class structure makes Javascript development more similar to other object-oriented, programming languages, making it easier for other developers to transition from such languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ECMAScript 2015 (ES6, ES2015) introduced a new syntax for creating classes and their instances to Javascript. Classes were used as a substitute for prototype-based inheritance, providing a more familiar syntax for object-oriented programming. Classes are a structured way to create objects and manage inheritance, allowing clean and concise implementation of objects. Class structure makes Javascript development more similar to other object-oriented, programming languages, making it easier for other developers to transition from such languages.
```
